A. Hello and welcome to between two betel trees, with us today, from the book the Tooti-nama.
The tales of a parrot, that is, the TutiNameh without a hyphen.
TutiNama. I wouldn’t know, Gladwin… blame him he is the guy who translated this.
A. I am Areca, and with us today, is he who held Khojisteh from committing adultery night after night,
with his gift of storytelling, none other than the teller himself, Parrot,reincarnated into Parrot.
P. Yeah thanks. I am honored to be here.
A. 52 nights you tricked her.
P. It used to be 70 something in the old days.
A. The ancient Sanskrit Version right.
P. Yea, rumor has it that Emperor Akbar was pretty much illiterate. This reduced version Nakhshabi
wrote in, Persian Arabic, he couldn’t read any of it. So he got his henchmen he kept in the KitabKhana
to draw the stories in comic book from.
A. Right to left… Everyone knows that… I’m glad I wasn’t a Calligrapher or Illustrator back then.
So why down to just 52?
P. Its because 70 attempts seemed a desperate for a woman to try to see her secret lover
52 makes it more believable I guess?
A. Munchies*, you want some Paan man? P. Nah spit that somewhere far away from me…
A. Well let’s take a look at some of your best moments shall we? … What tale did you tell here.
P. Oh yeaa I remember this one, it was the 24th night. Khojisteh has asked me how her lover needs to
prove his intelligence to her. And I’m like listen,
tell him this tale and if he figures it out he cant be that stupid. so I tell her this.
P. Once upon a time, the son of the king of Babylon, he gets a turban. A golden turban.
And nice clothes. A. No skin?. Are you crazy he’s royalty, we dignify him with clothes.
And a Katar dagger, he needs one of those. He probably has one of those. Every prince has one of those.
A. Three out of Five poppies. P. Its like a custom ****** gold Iphone. He wont kill anyone with it, its just for show.
So he walks into this temple of this idol. Gold head to toe.
This is divinity we’re talking about. He's just chilling in this shrine.
And nearby he sees this beautiful woman, her face bright as the moon,
hair as dark as the darkest of nights, her body Erect like the Cypress tree,
her walk as Graceful as the pheasants. And he was like  “ahhrrgh I love her so much
I swear ill chop off my head if I ever marry her"
turns to the idol and goes “ I would sacrifice it to you”
Well guess what they get married somewhere nice and together with a Brahmin,
A. Interesting clothing of choice, Just a casual cloth vibe going on here. Bare chested?
yea, no he... He is of a lower status. He’s like a trusted companion of the prince.
Right! We give him… 2 out of… infinite dimensions.
P. So they travel back to his father-in-laws house and they pass that same temple,
the prince remembers his vow and chops off his head drops it by the idol.
The Brahmin finds him, and is like “sh#t they’ll think I killed him”.
chops his head and drops it by the idol. The Wife finds…
A. Hold on we’re loving the jewels and beautiful blue dress, 10 out of 15...
oh my, her face. What happened? P. Marriage happened.
P. Yea, so she finds them both, and she’s like “***** it. I am done, I can’t find another man now...
P. The idol raises its hands, when she’s just about to do it,
the idol tells her to just reattach the heads and they’ll be fine.
I'm an idol, i can make stuff like this happen. Simple enough, ehy?
A. She mixes up the heads. Nooo Haha
P. Totally, yup. Haha. They’re alive again, they each look at the wife,
and say: That’s mine…. A. Right  P. The question is who’s got the
legitimate claim to the wife? The head does, "because it’s the seat
of wisdom and presides over body". If khosjisteh's lover can answer that correctly,
he might not be as ***** as he looks. A. Meditate on that one for min. We love it.
But you know, by the time she wanted to leave, morning had already broken.
Khojisteh once again not the right kind of cock crowing she had wished for that
morning all thanks to parrot here. Join us, next time on “first we betelnut”,
where we discuss how much we don’t care about perspective when drawing miniatures. And
if anyone thinks they look like ****. It has been a pleasure, until next time.
Mumbling*